Day 19....Khaki na Khaki!

Another Sunday (rest day)....my day started with going to bed (literally). I kept waking up at short intervals, but I was pretty determined to sleep so I kept going back.

After a while, I finally got up and I went to wash (not anything serious though)...then I went out to give the drycleaner some of my laundry (doesn't make sense, yh? 😂)...so I washed my cap, underwear (I think) and a pair of socks, then I gave my whites and other pair of socks to the drycleaner because why not at this point?? 🤷

Right after the drycleaners, I went to plug in my power bank....while leaving, I felt a strong urge to write, so I stayed at a sit out and wrote a draft for my final khaki-kernel entry....it was basically a short reflection on my stay here. Some time passed, and then I just went back to my hostel.

Of course, I resumed sleeping....I tried watching a series (GOT), but I don't think I lasted long before sleeping off. Although I kept waking up continuously, I slept quite long and well. From my near unconscious state, I kept hearing some comments about a phone being stolen and it being an IPhone 17 Pro. I chose unconsciousness though, I was really exhausted.

Then back to the normal routines....evening parade, and then to social night...Today's social night really social nighted ✋️😩🤚. It was really fun...the comedians, DJ, MC, everything, everyone was spot on. There was also somewhat of an afterparty where we (people) danced alot and had alot of fun.

Moving on, I didn't know what waited for me ahead 😭 I got to my hostel and met soldiers, police, etc,
which escalated to include the Camp Commandant, Camp Director, Head of Police...and we couldn't go into the hostel because of the stolen phone. We sat outside the hostel till close to 12:30am (give or take) and there was investigation, searching, etc, going on through that period.

Anyway, to avoid much stories, the phone wasn't found, but we were let to go to bed with the hope (promise) that the phone would come out between midnight and morning.

I guess that's good enough a summary for now. seeing as I'm exhausted and should be trying to get some rest.

Ciao!