Hmm....Day 2

Let's start with the morning "session" by 4:30am. It wasn't anything so much really, we (Christians) gathered at the parade ground for prayers and praise, while muslims went to the mosque to pray...morning devotion basically. We had to improvise by having an extended praise session because our Muslim brothers and sisters didn't return from the mosque on time (I still wonder what kept them)...I'm guessing they weren't supervised and took their time in returning (like I said, "I'm guessing").

Anyways, we continued our training drills in preparation for the swearing in (happening tomorrow) ceremony. I think we're doing quite well with the routines now though.

During the drills, an announcement was made for people interested in joining the Orientation Broadcasting Service (OBS) to go and audition. As expected, there was a looonngg queue (oh, yeah, I'm not writing what they do in the OBS because I'm tired...). Fast forward to some eons later... by the time I could get in go audition, all the positions I was interested in were filled up 😪...they only needed professional DJs and presenters.

I don't know if I stated that I wasn't done with opening my bank account yesterday, but I wasn't. So, I got a call to come over by 10am for that. The parade was meant to resume by 9:30am but I was occupied with trying to audition for OBS and completing my bank account creation to attend [on time]. I completed the bank account creation anyway and got my bank details almost immediately.

Then, after a long period of evasion, I went back to join the parade...it didn't last 15 minutes (give or take) after I joined up and then it was time for a break till 3:30pm.

Emm...it's afternoon now, I think. I went back to the hostel to get my Khaki and take to the tailors for some adjustments...apparently I'm to collect it tomorrow (swearing in day 🤦). I went back to the hostel and slept for a while, woke up, and then went out for parade (again 😭)...we trained for a bit, and that was it.

We then convened at the multipurpose hall for a briefing/orientation by the State Coordinator. We were told about the camp activities, rules, and other stuff I'm too lazy to list. After this, I went to the hostel, came out to charge my phone, fetched some water, went to eat (couldn't finish the food, as usual)...bought a second bucket and then experienced a crazy bucket story/dilemma (I'm too lazy to tell)...it was real crazy tough.

Oh, it's night already so after eating and my bucket dilemma, I washed, bathed, now I'm writing as one of the final activities for the day. I think I'd end this entry here...anything I've forgotten would be fine 🙂. 

## EXTRA THOUGHTS
=> I think I should start making entries at different points in the day to avoid writing so much when I'm tired. Let's see how that goes (or would go).